1. License Agreement
Please read carefully this document. This document is a license agreement between you and  
Mandriva S.A. which applies to the Software Products.
By installing, duplicating or using the Software Products in any manner, you explicitly 
accept and fully agree to conform to the terms and conditions of this License. 
If you disagree with any portion of the License, you are not allowed to install, duplicate or use 
the Software Products. 
Any attempt to install, duplicate or use the Software Products in a manner which does not comply 
with the terms and conditions of this License is void and will terminate your rights under this 
License. Upon termination of the License,  you must immediately destroy all copies of the 
Software Products.

2. Limited Warranty
The Software Products and attached documentation are provided "as is", with no warranty, to the 
extent permitted by law. 
Mandriva S.A. will, in no circumstances and to the extent permitted by law, be liable for any 
special, incidental, direct or indirect damages whatsoever (including without limitation damages 
for loss of business, interruption of business, financial loss, legal fees and penalties resulting 
from a court judgement, or any other consequential loss) arising out of  the use or inability to 
use the Software Products, even if Mandriva S.A. has been advised of the possibility or 
occurance of such damages.

LIMITED LIABILITY LINKED TO POSSESSING OR USING PROHIBITED SOFTWARE IN SOME COUNTRIES

To the extent permitted by law, Mandriva S.A. or its distributors will, in no circumstances, be 
liable for any special, incidental, direct or indirect damages whatsoever (including without 
limitation damages for loss of business, interruption of business, financial loss, legal fees 
and penalties resulting from a court judgement, or any other consequential loss) arising out 
of the possession and use of software components or arising out of  downloading software components 
from one of Mandriva Linux sites  which are prohibited or restricted in some countries by local laws.
This limited liability applies to, but is not restricted to, the strong cryptography components 
included in the Software Products.
