loader.c is used to take a directory of reference license with .meta files and load them into the fossology database. The loader application takes the path to the directory of licenses to up load. The .meta files are located first and then used to create an entry in the database. The reference license is then loaded into the database. A minimal .meta file is simply an empty file named 'License_name".meta.

DOTO: 
	1) The database information is currently hard coded. This should be magiced into the Makefile.
	2) Currently if an error is encountered we simply dont add the current file to the database. This is fine, but we can only add directories. This should be rethought. Maybe a list of tile to upload should be used instead of searching a directory. This would allow a list of bad file to be created and uploaded later.
	3) Document code!
	4) A getopt and usage code.

META format:
	For a license X there should be an accompanying X.meta file. This second file holds the information about license X such as its name and its originating url.
	The .meta files use a 'key: value' on each line. The following are keys that loader recognizes. 

	Date: The date that the license was added. This should be in YYYY-MM-DD format. Defaults to NULL.
	URL: The source url. Defaults to "".
	shortname: The shortened name or abbreviated name. For example General Public License would have the shortname GPL. Defaults to "".
	fullname: The full name of the given license. Defaults to "".
	OSIapproved: A boolean field which accepts Yes, No, True, or False. Defaults to False.
	FSFfree: A boolean field which accepts Yes, No, True, or False. Defaults to False.
	GPLv2compatible: A boolean field which accepts Yes, No, True, or False. Defaults to False.
	GPLv3compatible: A boolean field which accepts Yes, No, True, or False. Defaults to False.
	copyleft: A boolean field which accepts Yes, No, True, or False. Defaults to False.
	Fedora: A string field. Defaults to "".
	notes: A string field. Defaults to "".
